if an object is attracted to a magnet , the object is most likely made of metal .
if an object is attracted to a magnet , the object is most likely made of plastic .
if an object is attracted to a magnet , the object is most likely made of wood .
if an object is attracted to a magnet , the object is most likely made of cardboard .
heat causes an ice cube to melt .
sound causes an ice cube to melt .
mechanical energy causes an ice cube to melt .
magnetic energy causes an ice cube to melt .
centimeters can be used to describe the length of a desk .
degrees Celsius can be used to describe the length of a desk .
grams can be used to describe the length of a desk .
liters can be used to describe the length of a desk .
gravity causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water .
electricity causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water .
magnetism causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water .
friction causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water .
rotation of Earth causes day and night .
revolution of Earth causes day and night .
rotation of the Moon causes day and night .
revolution of the Moon causes day and night .
a student should use a ruler to measure exactly 10 milliliters -LRB- mL -RRB- of water .
a student should use a graduated cylinder to measure exactly 10 milliliters -LRB- mL -RRB- of water .
a student should use a thermometer to measure exactly 10 milliliters -LRB- mL -RRB- of water .
a student should use pan balance to measure exactly 10 milliliters -LRB- mL -RRB- of water .
an object 's hardness , taste , and texture are examples of properties .
an object 's hardness , taste , and texture are examples of processes .
an object 's hardness , taste , and texture are examples of stages .
an object 's hardness , taste , and texture are examples of principles .
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to find food .
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to keep warm .
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to hide from danger .
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to attract a mate .
Apple trees can live for many years , but bean plants usually live for only a few months . this statement suggests that different plants have different life spans .
Apple trees can live for many years , but bean plants usually live for only a few months . this statement suggests that plants depend on other plants .
Apple trees can live for many years , but bean plants usually live for only a few months . this statement suggests that plants produce many offspring .
Apple trees can live for many years , but bean plants usually live for only a few months . this statement suggests that seasonal changes help plants grow .
resting is necessary for humans to maintain good health .
reading is necessary for humans to maintain good health .
driving activity is necessary for humans to maintain good health .
talking activity is necessary for humans to maintain good health .
a decrease in air temperature from 60 ? F to 35 ? F would most likely cause a person to sweat .
a decrease in air temperature from 60 ? F to 35 ? F would most likely cause a person to shiver .
a decrease in air temperature from 60 ? F to 35 ? F would most likely cause a person to feel sleepy .
a decrease in air temperature from 60 ? F to 35 ? F would most likely cause a person to blink his eyes .
Some birds fly south before winter each year . this is an example of migration .
Some birds fly south before winter each year . this is an example of hibernation .
Some birds fly south before winter each year . this is an example of evaporation .
Some birds fly south before winter each year . this is an example of germination .
living things depend on energy from water .
living things depend on energy from the Sun .
living things depend on energy from soil .
living things depend on energy from the Moon .
hibernation often helps an animal attract a mate .
camouflage often helps an animal attract a mate .
migration often helps an animal attract a mate .
coloration often helps an animal attract a mate .
a decomposer is an organism that recycles nutrients .
a decomposer is an organism that uses sunlight to make food .
a decomposer is an organism that eats only plants .
a decomposer is an organism that preys on other animals .
a girl eating an apple describes an organism taking in nutrients .
an insect crawling on a leaf describes an organism taking in nutrients .
a dog burying a bone describes an organism taking in nutrients .
a boy planting tomatoes in a garden describes an organism taking in nutrients .
having blue eyes is inherited rather than learned .
telling a story is inherited rather than learned .
riding a bicycle is inherited rather than learned .
saluting the flag is inherited rather than learned .
to protect the fish is the main function of scales on a fish .
to help the fish breathe is the main function of scales on a fish .
to help the fish find food is the main function of scales on a fish .
to attract predators is the main function of scales on a fish .
a bird migrating south is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment .
a frog eating an insect is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment .
a rabbit feeding its young is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment .
a squirrel climbing a tree is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment .
animals get energy for growth and repair from food .
animals get energy for growth and repair from water .
animals get energy for growth and repair from air .
animals get energy for growth and repair from soil .
A dog opens its mouth and lets its tongue hang out . A human 's body produces sweat . these are two ways that organisms may adjust to hot temperatures .
A dog opens its mouth and lets its tongue hang out . A human 's body produces sweat . these are two ways that organisms may adjust to a shortage of drinking water .
A dog opens its mouth and lets its tongue hang out . A human 's body produces sweat . these are two ways that organisms may adjust to a shortage of food .
A dog opens its mouth and lets its tongue hang out . A human 's body produces sweat . these are two ways that organisms may adjust to cold temperatures .
winter season is a season of the year during which a rabbit 's fur would be thickest .
summer season is a season of the year during which a rabbit 's fur would be thickest .
spring season is a season of the year during which a rabbit 's fur would be thickest .
fall is a season of the year during which a rabbit 's fur would be thickest .
a bat flying at night is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment .
a squirrel storing nuts is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment .
a deer drinking water is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment .
an owl eating a mouse is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment .
an example of a poor health habit is eating candy instead of lunch .
an example of a poor health habit is handwashing after using the bathroom .
an example of a poor health habit is playing on a soccer team .
an example of a poor health habit is taking a bath or shower regularly .
water is usually found in nature as a liquid , solid , and gas .
glass is usually found in nature as a liquid , solid , and gas .
rock is usually found in nature as a liquid , solid , and gas .
metal is usually found in nature as a liquid , solid , and gas .
A student is growing some plants for an experiment . She notices small white spots on the leaves . she should use a balance to get a better look at the spots .
A student is growing some plants for an experiment . She notices small white spots on the leaves . she should use a hand lens to get a better look at the spots .
A student is growing some plants for an experiment . She notices small white spots on the leaves . she should use a thermometer to get a better look at the spots .
A student is growing some plants for an experiment . She notices small white spots on the leaves . she should use a graduated cylinder to get a better look at the spots .
increasing the temperature is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid .
decreasing the temperature is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid .
increasing the mass is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid .
decreasing the mass is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid .
when a person speaks into a telephone , sound energy is changed mostly into electrical energy .
when a person speaks into a telephone , sound energy is changed mostly into chemical energy .
when a person speaks into a telephone , sound energy is changed mostly into heat .
when a person speaks into a telephone , sound energy is changed mostly into light .
A car skids along the road and smoke appears to be coming from under the tires . the heat that produces the smoke is caused by friction .
A car skids along the road and smoke appears to be coming from under the tires . the heat that produces the smoke is caused by sound .
A car skids along the road and smoke appears to be coming from under the tires . the heat that produces the smoke is caused by light .
A car skids along the road and smoke appears to be coming from under the tires . the heat that produces the smoke is caused by magnetism .
that a shovel is used to move dirt from one place to another is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred .
that a ball is thrown into the air is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred .
that a stove is used to boil water in a pan is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred .
that a piano is played by striking the keys is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred .
When a baby shakes a rattle , it makes a noise . mechanical energy was changed to sound energy .
When a baby shakes a rattle , it makes a noise . electrical energy was changed to sound energy .
When a baby shakes a rattle , it makes a noise . heat was changed to sound energy .
When a baby shakes a rattle , it makes a noise . light was changed to sound energy .
A ball is tossed up in the air and it comes back down . the ball comes back down because of gravity .
A ball is tossed up in the air and it comes back down . the ball comes back down because of erosion .
A ball is tossed up in the air and it comes back down . the ball comes back down because of magnetism .
A ball is tossed up in the air and it comes back down . the ball comes back down because of friction .
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is a pulley .
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is a lever .
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is an inclined plane .
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is a bar magnet .
sleet and hail are forms of precipitation .
sleet and hail are forms of clouds .
sleet and hail are forms of evaporation .
sleet and hail are forms of energy .
the movement of soil by wind or water is called erosion .
the movement of soil by wind or water is called evaporation .
the movement of soil by wind or water is called condensation .
the movement of soil by wind or water is called friction .
a graduated cylinder is used to measure the volume of a liquid .
a balance is used to measure the volume of a liquid .
a ruler is used to measure the volume of a liquid .
a thermometer is used to measure the volume of a liquid .
a student should use a measuring cup to compare the masses of two small rocks .
a student should use a hand lens to compare the masses of two small rocks .
a student should use a balance to compare the masses of two small rocks .
a student should use a ruler to compare the masses of two small rocks .
a metal fork is the best conductor of electricity .
a plastic spoon is the best conductor of electricity .
a rubber boot is the best conductor of electricity .
a wooden bat is the best conductor of electricity .
a puddle drying in the sun is the best example of evaporation .
a sponge soaking up water is the best example of evaporation .
an ice cube melting is the best example of evaporation .
raindrops freezing is the best example of evaporation .
A marble is dropped in a glass of water . gravity pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass .
A marble is dropped in a glass of water . magnetism pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass .
A marble is dropped in a glass of water . electricity pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass .
A marble is dropped in a glass of water . friction pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass .
sense of smell helps a fox find food .
pointed teeth helps a fox find food .
a thick fur helps a fox find food .
a long tail helps a fox find food .
growth causes the leaves of a plant to become larger .
germination causes the leaves of a plant to become larger .
repair causes the leaves of a plant to become larger .
decomposition causes the leaves of a plant to become larger .
a turtle eating worms is an example of taking in nutrients .
a turtle eating worms is an example of reproducing .
a turtle eating worms is an example of breathing .
a turtle eating worms is an example of eliminating waste .
the main function of a duck 's webbed feet is to help the duck protect itself .
the main function of a duck 's webbed feet is to help the duck find a mate .
the main function of a duck 's webbed feet is to help the duck swim in water .
the main function of a duck 's webbed feet is to help the duck make noise .
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by shivering .
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by sweating .
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by salivating .
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by blinking .
A student puts two identical plants in the same type and amount of soil . She gives them the same amount of water . She puts one of these plants near a sunny window and the other in a dark room . this experiment tests how the plants respond to light .
A student puts two identical plants in the same type and amount of soil . She gives them the same amount of water . She puts one of these plants near a sunny window and the other in a dark room . this experiment tests how the plants respond to soil .
A student puts two identical plants in the same type and amount of soil . She gives them the same amount of water . She puts one of these plants near a sunny window and the other in a dark room . this experiment tests how the plants respond to water .
A student puts two identical plants in the same type and amount of soil . She gives them the same amount of water . She puts one of these plants near a sunny window and the other in a dark room . this experiment tests how the plants respond to air .
polluting most often has a harmful effect on the environment .
growing most often has a harmful effect on the environment .
planting most often has a harmful effect on the environment .
breathing most often has a harmful effect on the environment .
in New York State , the shortest period of daylight occurs during December .
in New York State , the shortest period of daylight occurs during March .
in New York State , the shortest period of daylight occurs during September .
in New York State , the shortest period of daylight occurs during June .
in New York State , the longest period of daylight occurs during March .
in New York State , the longest period of daylight occurs during June .
in New York State , the longest period of daylight occurs during December .
in New York State , the longest period of daylight occurs during September .
sleet , rain , snow , and hail are forms of precipitation .
sleet , rain , snow , and hail are forms of evaporation .
sleet , rain , snow , and hail are forms of groundwater .
sleet , rain , snow , and hail are forms of erosion .
water freezing is an example of a liquid changing to a solid .
water freezing is an example of a solid changing to a liquid .
water freezing is an example of a gas changing to a liquid .
water freezing is an example of a gas changing to a solid .
heat is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas .
chemical energy is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas .
sound is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas .
mechanical energy is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas .
a person does use mechanical energy to pedal a bicycle .
a person does use electrical energy to pedal a bicycle .
a person does use sound to pedal a bicycle .
a person does use light to pedal a bicycle .
an iron nail is the best conductor of electricity .
a rubber eraser is the best conductor of electricity .
a plastic spoon is the best conductor of electricity .
a wax crayon is the best conductor of electricity .
Base your answers on the information below . One hot , summer day it rained very heavily . After the rain , a plastic pan on a picnic table had 2 cm of rainwater in it . Four hours later , all the rainwater in the pan was gone . evaporation caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air .
Base your answers on the information below . One hot , summer day it rained very heavily . After the rain , a plastic pan on a picnic table had 2 cm of rainwater in it . Four hours later , all the rainwater in the pan was gone . precipitation caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air .
Base your answers on the information below . One hot , summer day it rained very heavily . After the rain , a plastic pan on a picnic table had 2 cm of rainwater in it . Four hours later , all the rainwater in the pan was gone . erosion caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air .
Base your answers on the information below . One hot , summer day it rained very heavily . After the rain , a plastic pan on a picnic table had 2 cm of rainwater in it . Four hours later , all the rainwater in the pan was gone . condensation caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air .
Base your answers on the information below . One hot , summer day it rained very heavily . After the rain , a plastic pan on a picnic table had 2 cm of rainwater in it . Four hours later , all the rainwater in the pan was gone . if the day were cool instead of hot , the rainwater in the pan would have disappeared in the same amount of time .
Base your answers on the information below . One hot , summer day it rained very heavily . After the rain , a plastic pan on a picnic table had 2 cm of rainwater in it . Four hours later , all the rainwater in the pan was gone . if the day were cool instead of hot , the rainwater in the pan would have disappeared slower .
Base your answers on the information below . One hot , summer day it rained very heavily . After the rain , a plastic pan on a picnic table had 2 cm of rainwater in it . Four hours later , all the rainwater in the pan was gone . if the day were cool instead of hot , the rainwater in the pan would have disappeared faster .
a human offspring can inherit long hair .
a human offspring can inherit a facial scar .
a human offspring can inherit a broken leg .
a human offspring can inherit blue eyes .
A duck 's feathers are covered with a natural oil that keeps the duck dry . this is a special feature ducks have that helps them adapt to their environment .
A duck 's feathers are covered with a natural oil that keeps the duck dry . this is a special feature ducks have that helps them attract a mate .
A duck 's feathers are covered with a natural oil that keeps the duck dry . this is a special feature ducks have that helps them search for food .
A duck 's feathers are covered with a natural oil that keeps the duck dry . this is a special feature ducks have that helps them feed their young .
the functions of a plant 's roots are to support the plant and make food .
the functions of a plant 's roots are to support the plant and take in water and nutrients .
the functions of a plant 's roots are to support the plant and aid in germination .
the functions of a plant 's roots are to support the plant and produce fruit .
a carrot is a fruit .
a pumpkin is a fruit .
a potato is a fruit .
an onion is a fruit .
a snowy field is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators .
a grassy lawn is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators .
a muddy riverbank is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators .
a shady forest is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators .
Frogs lay eggs that develop into tadpoles and then into adult frogs . this sequence of changes is an example of how living things go through a life cycle .
Frogs lay eggs that develop into tadpoles and then into adult frogs . this sequence of changes is an example of how living things act as a source of food .
Frogs lay eggs that develop into tadpoles and then into adult frogs . this sequence of changes is an example of how living things form a food web .
Frogs lay eggs that develop into tadpoles and then into adult frogs . this sequence of changes is an example of how living things affect other parts of the ecosystem .
A mother hen clucks loudly when danger is near and her chicks quickly gather around her . sound helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother .
A mother hen clucks loudly when danger is near and her chicks quickly gather around her . sight helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother .
A mother hen clucks loudly when danger is near and her chicks quickly gather around her . smell helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother .
A mother hen clucks loudly when danger is near and her chicks quickly gather around her . taste helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother .
Temperatures below freezing are expected overnight . covering them might be done to protect plants growing outside .
Temperatures below freezing are expected overnight . giving them plant food might be done to protect plants growing outside .
Temperatures below freezing are expected overnight . weeding them might be done to protect plants growing outside .
Temperatures below freezing are expected overnight . trimming the leaves might be done to protect plants growing outside .
A student reaches one hand into a bag filled with smooth objects . The student feels the objects but does not look into the bag . the student can most likely identify ability to conduct electricity .
A student reaches one hand into a bag filled with smooth objects . The student feels the objects but does not look into the bag . the student can most likely identify color .
A student reaches one hand into a bag filled with smooth objects . The student feels the objects but does not look into the bag . the student can most likely identify shape .
A student reaches one hand into a bag filled with smooth objects . The student feels the objects but does not look into the bag . the student can most likely identify ability to reflect light .
A student has a ball of clay that sinks when placed in a pan of water . he should change shape to make the clay float .
A student has a ball of clay that sinks when placed in a pan of water . he should change color to make the clay float .
A student has a ball of clay that sinks when placed in a pan of water . he should change mass to make the clay float .
A student has a ball of clay that sinks when placed in a pan of water . he should change texture to make the clay float .
A girl signals her friend by shining a flashlight on a mirror . her friend can see the signal because mechanical energy can be transferred from one object to another .
A girl signals her friend by shining a flashlight on a mirror . her friend can see the signal because light energy can be reflected from one object to another .
A girl signals her friend by shining a flashlight on a mirror . her friend can see the signal because sound energy can be reflected from one object to another .
A girl signals her friend by shining a flashlight on a mirror . her friend can see the signal because heat energy can be transferred from one object to another .
a flower produces the seeds .
roots produces the seeds .
a stem produces the seeds .
leaves produces the seeds .
Fourth graders are planning a roller-skate race . grass would be the best for this race .
Fourth graders are planning a roller-skate race . blacktop would be the best for this race .
Fourth graders are planning a roller-skate race . sand would be the best for this race .
Fourth graders are planning a roller-skate race . gravel would be the best for this race .
a graduated cylinder would be best to measure the volume of a liquid .
a thermometer would be best to measure the volume of a liquid .
a stopwatch would be best to measure the volume of a liquid .
a pan balance would be best to measure the volume of a liquid .
sleeping all day is one way that humans can maintain good health .
exercising daily is one way that humans can maintain good health .
eating snacks often is one way that humans can maintain good health .
staying up late is one way that humans can maintain good health .
the length of daylight in New York State changes from summer to fall by remaining the same .
the length of daylight in New York State changes from summer to fall by increasing .
the length of daylight in New York State changes from summer to fall by decreasing .
temperature and sky conditions are both used to describe weather .
wind speed and erosion are both used to describe weather .
precipitation and runoff are both used to describe weather .
types of clouds and deposition are both used to describe weather .
It rained on a hot summer afternoon and a puddle formed . After several hours , the puddle was gone . precipitation followed by evaporation made the puddle form and then disappear .
It rained on a hot summer afternoon and a puddle formed . After several hours , the puddle was gone . precipitation followed by runoff made the puddle form and then disappear .
It rained on a hot summer afternoon and a puddle formed . After several hours , the puddle was gone . deposition followed by evaporation made the puddle form and then disappear .
It rained on a hot summer afternoon and a puddle formed . After several hours , the puddle was gone . deposition followed by runoff made the puddle form and then disappear .
gravity causes rocks to roll downhill .
erosion causes rocks to roll downhill .
magnetism causes rocks to roll downhill .
friction causes rocks to roll downhill .
a meter describes an object 's length .
a degree describes an object 's length .
a liter describes an object 's length .
a kilogram describes an object 's length .
touch is used to determine an object 's texture .
smell is used to determine an object 's texture .
hearing is used to determine an object 's texture .
taste is used to determine an object 's texture .
chemical energy is found in food .
electrical energy is found in food .
sound is found in food .
mechanical energy is found in food .
A student crumples up a sheet of paper . color has changed .
A student crumples up a sheet of paper . state has changed .
A student crumples up a sheet of paper . shape has changed .
A student crumples up a sheet of paper . mass has changed .
A student riding a bicycle observes that it moves faster on a smooth road than on a rough road . this happens because the smooth road has less friction .
A student riding a bicycle observes that it moves faster on a smooth road than on a rough road . this happens because the smooth road has less gravity .
A student riding a bicycle observes that it moves faster on a smooth road than on a rough road . this happens because the smooth road has more friction .
A student riding a bicycle observes that it moves faster on a smooth road than on a rough road . this happens because the smooth road has more gravity .
a butterfly is nonliving .
a bicycle is nonliving .
a bird is nonliving .
a bear is nonliving .
an example of a learned trait is being able to read .
an example of a learned trait is having a scar .
an example of a learned trait is having brown eyes .
an example of a learned trait is being able to breathe .
grow and reproduce are carried out by all species of living things .
hibernate and take in nutrients are carried out by all species of living things .
make food and eliminate waste are carried out by all species of living things .
migrate and seek shelter are carried out by all species of living things .
A fox grows thicker fur as a season changes . this adaptation helps the fox to keep warmer .
A fox grows thicker fur as a season changes . this adaptation helps the fox to grow stronger .
A fox grows thicker fur as a season changes . this adaptation helps the fox to escape from predators .
A fox grows thicker fur as a season changes . this adaptation helps the fox to find food .
exercising every day is an example of a good health habit .
eating candy is an example of a good health habit .
smoking cigarettes is an example of a good health habit .
watching television is an example of a good health habit .
a decomposer is an organism that breaks down dead plants and animals .
a decomposer is an organism that migrates for the winter .
a decomposer is an organism that uses water and sunlight to make food .
a decomposer is an organism that hunts and eats animals .
sunlight is the main source of energy for the water cycle .
electricity is the main source of energy for the water cycle .
erosion is the main source of energy for the water cycle .
gravity is the main source of energy for the water cycle .
using solar energy is most harmful to the natural environment .
swimming in a lake is most harmful to the natural environment .
cutting down a rain forest is most harmful to the natural environment .
riding a bicycle is most harmful to the natural environment .
windy , cloudy , rainy , and cold are words that help describe weather .
windy , cloudy , rainy , and cold are words that help describe matter .
windy , cloudy , rainy , and cold are words that help describe evaporation .
windy , cloudy , rainy , and cold are words that help describe deposition .
sight can be used to determine an object 's ability to reflect light .
hearing can be used to determine an object 's ability to reflect light .
smell can be used to determine an object 's ability to reflect light .
taste can be used to determine an object 's ability to reflect light .
A student drops a ball . gravity causes the ball to fall to the ground .
A student drops a ball . electricity causes the ball to fall to the ground .
A student drops a ball . magnetism causes the ball to fall to the ground .
A student drops a ball . friction causes the ball to fall to the ground .
when an ice cube melts , its state of matter changes from a liquid to a solid .
when an ice cube melts , its state of matter changes from a solid to a gas .
when an ice cube melts , its state of matter changes from a solid to a liquid .
when an ice cube melts , its state of matter changes from a gas to a liquid .
meters can be used to describe an object 's length .
minutes can be used to describe an object 's length .
grams can be used to describe an object 's length .
liters can be used to describe an object 's length .
it takes one day for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times .
it takes one month for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times .
it takes one year for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times .
it takes one week for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times .
mechanical energy is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor .
electrical energy is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor .
magnetic energy is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor .
sound is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor .
A student measured the volume of water in a pan . The student boiled the water for thirty minutes and then measured the volume of the water again . the volume of water most likely remained the same .
A student measured the volume of water in a pan . The student boiled the water for thirty minutes and then measured the volume of the water again . the volume of water most likely increased .
A student measured the volume of water in a pan . The student boiled the water for thirty minutes and then measured the volume of the water again . the volume of water most likely decreased .
a thick fur would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State .
brown eyes would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State .
big ears would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State .
a black nose would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State .
all animals do need water , air , and food in order to survive .
all animals do need food , soil , and sunlight in order to survive .
all animals do need air , rocks , and sunlight in order to survive .
all animals do need rocks , water , and soil in order to survive .
During winter , the white fur of an arctic fox blends in with the snow . this adaptation is called camouflage .
During winter , the white fur of an arctic fox blends in with the snow . this adaptation is called migration .
During winter , the white fur of an arctic fox blends in with the snow . this adaptation is called movement .
During winter , the white fur of an arctic fox blends in with the snow . this adaptation is called hibernation .
since green plants make their own food , they are called producers .
since green plants make their own food , they are called decomposers .
since green plants make their own food , they are called predators .
since green plants make their own food , they are called prey .
a wings for eliminating waste is correctly paired with its function .
eyes for growing is correctly paired with its function .
a claws for obtaining food is correctly paired with its function .
feathers for breathing is correctly paired with its function .
humans depend on water from the environment .
humans depend on roads from the environment .
humans depend on electricity from the environment .
humans depend on houses from the environment .
a puppy can inherit scar on face from its parents .
a puppy can inherit a broken foot from its parents .
a puppy can inherit spotted fur from its parents .
a puppy can inherit muddy paws from its parents .
Many birds fly south for the winter . this adaptation is called migration .
Many birds fly south for the winter . this adaptation is called communication .
Many birds fly south for the winter . this adaptation is called hibernation .
Many birds fly south for the winter . this adaptation is called germination .
green plants get the energy they need to make food from air .
green plants get the energy they need to make food from water .
green plants get the energy they need to make food from sunlight .
green plants get the energy they need to make food from soil .
when plants and animals die , decomposers help return nutrients to the food chain .
when plants and animals die , producers help return nutrients to the food chain .
when plants and animals die , predators help return nutrients to the food chain .
when plants and animals die , prey help return nutrients to the food chain .
Some butterflies live an average of two weeks . this period of time is called a life span .
Some butterflies live an average of two weeks . this period of time is called a life change .
Some butterflies live an average of two weeks . this period of time is called a life cycle .
Some butterflies live an average of two weeks . this period of time is called a life process .
During an experiment , a student reports that a liquid turned green when mixed with another liquid . this is an example of an observation .
During an experiment , a student reports that a liquid turned green when mixed with another liquid . this is an example of an explanation .
During an experiment , a student reports that a liquid turned green when mixed with another liquid . this is an example of a measurement .
During an experiment , a student reports that a liquid turned green when mixed with another liquid . this is an example of a prediction .

